Mick & Cory

Cory: Uhhh hey, umm Mick, it, it looks like there's trouble out there again.

Mick: What is it this time Cory? Another, Another situation for me to get, get involved in for the enjoyment of IDIOTS? Is it star trek again? I mean, I just rant about how superior I am. Who would relate to that?

Cory: I, uh, I don't know Mick.

Mick: That was a RHETORICAL QUESTION CORRRYYYYY, It's so obvious.

Cory: haha yeah, I know, so obvious. So uh uh Mick what dimension are we off to? W-w-what’s the plan?

Mick: Plans are stupid C-Cory!  the universe is too messy and random to have plans, you just go with the flow, ride the wave, don't rock the boat, follow th Ö

Cory: Yeh I GET IT Mick, Jeez!

Mick: oh! Before I forget, Cory, we're going to J-321, there's an inhabited planet over there I use it for stashing my crystals. Here, put put this on C-Cory.

Cory: W-what is it Mick? Is it for protection against some weird alien radiation, or or to stay invisible, hide our brain waves or something?

Mick: It's to stay dry Cory, it always rains over there and it's too windy for an umbrella. Don't worry Cory, our work is underground. Now hurry up, I don't have all day!

A few moments later…

Cory: Eh… So are we at the place? J-321??? This place seems quite odd; and where are your crystals?

Mick: Oh shoot I think we came to a wrong place. This is definitely not the place I was telling you about. It is supposed to be a stable planet not messed up like this!

Cory: W-what? Are you serious Mick? You know what we are supposed to do about this right? Tell me you know what you are doing! Oh my gosh, did you hear that? Something is approaching!!

Mick: THIS IS NOT THE PLACE I WAS TALKING ABOUT. Let’s get out of here immediately! Get back in to the DeLorean!

--back in the DeLorean

Cory: Damnit Mick! Why is this happening?!?

Mick: Look Cory, hic, everyone makes mistakes, hic, it's just when you’re an interdimensional super genius your mistakes can have bigger consequences

Cory: Consequences Mick! That planet just blew up! Did we do that?

Mick: Maybe, but maybe not, these things happen all the time Cory, hic, just go with it.

DeLorean starts shaking and making weird sounds.

Cory buckles his seat belt tighter and holds on to it with both hands.

Cory: Oh my god Mick! W-W-What’s happening, why is it doing this?!

Mick:  It’s angry because Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are splitting up. This has nothing to do with the EXPLODING PLANET BEHIND IT C-CORRRRY!! Hic, keep tightening that belt up Cory, hic, that should protect you from the death rays coming straight towards us, a few seconds away from piercing our bodies.

Mick opens the bottle in his inside pocket and drinks from it.

Mick: hic, hic.

Cory: Oh GOD! Oh GOD! I don’t want to die, I’m too young to die, I haven’t done anything yet!

Mick: Yeh Cory, you should’ve kissed that Erica girl in your class.

Cory turns to Mick with an angry look at his face.

Cory: Mick, GET US OUT OF HERE, you drunk LUNATIC!!

Cory turns back ahead and closes his eyes.

Cory: Oh god, please don’t let me die, I promise to get rid of the maga… you know what I mean, I’ll go to church every Sunday, oh god! I’m too young to die.

Mick: He doesn’t exist Cory, you might as well pray to my right foot, it has the same effect. At least it’s on the gas pedal, so it can get us out of here, god can’t, hic, Cory. Hang on, watch my foot doing its work while god keeps relaxing in his nonexistence.

A minute later.

Cory: Oh thank god! That was close.

Mick: yeh, Cory, how about thanking him for putting us in the way of an exploding planet, or or hic, starving babies in Africa, or Brad and Angelina’s divorce.

Cory: Let’s just go home Mick.

Mick: We took a pretty bad hit, Cory, we need to land somewhere to do some repairs, I know a guy not far from here, he can help us out.
